Such a ruthless person
Don't teach you to bring justice
It's so hard to understand that I hate you in my heart
I'm just taking his place
You can't cure me
Besides
At that time, you took the initiative to beg me to stay in the Lu family
Is that really the case?
The boss has woken up
Impossible, I clearly know what
Killed by you
What do you mean?
You don't think you're just going to change the topic.
It can take my attention away
When did you find out?
From the moment you open the door
I can smell the strong smell of blood on you
Let the secretary come into the room to check
You will learn that in order to cut weeds and eradicate roots
Killed your own father with his own hands
Nonsense
How could I possibly hurt my biological father?
People like this are unscrupulous and shameless
I can't keep you in the Lu family
Take him away